Family, I'm excited to be with you all again today.
I'm going to do another 'Pray with Me' video.
I really feel that these are important for where we are going and the future of the things that the Lord is warning me about.
Basically, where we are in the seasons and the times is vital.
I really believe jumping in the river every day is vital.
It's not something that you can do every once in a while; I believe this is going to have to start to be a lifestyle for many of you for protection, for guidance, and for wisdom—everything is going to come out of prayer.
If you want it, you have to birth it in the supernatural before you see it in the natural.
Birthing it into the supernatural—whether you're interceding for your spouse, unsaved loved ones, or your finances—you have to pray it through.
If you want breakthrough in your life, you have to learn how to pray and intercede and be effective in your prayer life, because having an effective prayer life is what you're going to need in these last days.
It's very, very important.
A gentleman approached me asking for prayer for his church in Pakistan.
His church was burnt down, and a lot of terrible things happened to his congregation.
So, it was on my heart today to pray for this pastor in Pakistan.
In this video, these ladies are praying for the presidential election.
You can put your faith in; prayer is timeless, so it doesn't matter that this is an older video.
There's no boundary to prayer.
You intercede where you're at.
I do this to help motivate people to 'jump in the river' so that this will help you to learn how they're doing it.
You watch how they're doing it and you learn.
These ladies right here are some of the greatest intercessory prayer people that I know in the public eye in this generation.
We have Lynne Hammond, her sister Lucy, Pastor Terri Copeland Pearsons, and we have Billye—and I don't know who the lady with the silver hair is, but I'm sure she prays very well or she wouldn't be on the stage with them.
I just want to encourage you all to let the Holy Spirit use you right now.
Just enter in and let's pray as a group.
The last video had over 10,000 hits.
That is amazing.
Do you realize if it was 30 minutes at 10,000, what kind of mountains we move and what we're doing to change the spiritual atmosphere and the climate of our nations, our cities, and our states?
Look at what we can do as a group, praying together like this.
I just want to encourage you to jump in that river to pray with us and to intercede on behalf of whatever you're believing for.
There's another lady that asked me—her husband's dealing with alcohol and deliverance issues.
You all send me your prayer requests, and I take them very seriously.
You sow to my YouTube channel and you're believing for extra finances.
My wife and I want to let you know we pray for every single one of you—your emails, your prayer requests, all of it.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
You may have a hangnail; it doesn't matter.
It's important to God.
If it's important to you, it's important to us, and we want to be a part of your life.
We're praying for this lady down in The Woodlands area in Texas, and she has a prayer request for rain.
They need rain down there, so I'm going to intercede for the rain to come to The Woodlands, Texas.
It's been very dry and very hot; the high pressure has been there.
Even before I start, I'm going to pray over that.
Father, I just thank You right now in the name of Jesus for The Woodlands, Texas, down in the Houston area.
We speak to the rain to come now in the name of Jesus.
We call the high pressure system to go down further south.
Move out of the way.
We call low pressure in the name of Jesus.
We don't necessarily want a hurricane, Lord, because we don't want any damage, but Father, we ask for an abundant harvest of rain.
We speak to the rain to come now in the name of Jesus from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
We have authority over the weather, and we command the rain to come now in Jesus' name.
We have dominion, power, and authority in this earth, and we thank You, Lord, that You've given it to us.
We call the rain to come in.
We call an abundant harvest of rain.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for bringing that rain in right now.
We thank You, Lord, that we have that authority and that ability to call in the rain.
We speak to drought: drought, go now in Jesus' name!
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
Father, we pray over the man in Pakistan and his church.
The church is burnt down.
We call back seven-fold what the devil stole.
We call back restoration of the lives that were lost.
We thank You, Lord, for the families.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that there's peace over those family members who lost their loved ones.
I call peace over those people right now in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Lord, that they are light in the darkness.
The persecution coming on them from the terrorist groups—we command it to go now in Jesus' name.
We command the peace that passes all understanding over their hearts.
I thank You, Father.
We take authority over those demonic spirits that are causing chaos, destruction, and confusion.
We take authority over it right now in the name of Jesus.
We send angels there with them right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank You for deliverance from alcoholism, from demonic strongholds, and from generational curses.
We take authority over the root of alcoholism.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that they're free from alcoholism and bondage to perversions of all kinds.
We thank You, Lord, that that family is restored and there's a glory over that home.
For all the families represented here that need a breakthrough in finances, we call breakthrough in the name of Jesus over their finances.
We call deliverance over their children.
We call deliverance from demonic spirits in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over their minds and over their emotions.
We thank You, Lord, for healing any hormone imbalances, depression, anxiety, or fear.
We come against the spirit of anxiety.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ that covers these people.
We're always in the right place at the right time.
We're always hearing Your voice, Father.
We thank You, Lord, that we're always being led by Your Spirit.
I thank You, Lord, that we hear Your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We take authority over the demonic spirits that try to cause confusion and havoc in our lives.
We thank You, Father, for Your blood.
We thank You, Lord, that You set us free by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
You took it all on the cross for us.
You bore our sickness in Your body so that we don't need to bear it in ours.
We thank You, Lord, that we see what we're supposed to see and hear what we're supposed to hear.
We thank You, Lord, that we're led by, filled with, and controlled by the Holy Ghost today.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for this in the name of Jesus.
Here we go.
We're going to start this video.
My prayer focus is my YouTube family.
I'm going to pray for you all.
I'm going to intercede for your finances and your health.
We're just going to believe together and pray with them now.
Like I said, I do these videos to help you stir yourself up.
Let's do this.
All right, we're lifting it up now.
Yes, Lord.
The decree.
We are speaking.
The Bible is today's original devotional.
Let's see.
Lift up Jesus, please.
Oh God, angels, go now in Jesus' name.
In Jesus' name, we take authority over the demonic stronghold.
In the name of Jesus, we break it.
We break the power, we break those assignments, we break them in Jesus' name.
This is when we start to change into another river.
Let's just wait.
It's another river.
Feel it.
You can start to feel it.
You start to pull with it.
It starts to change.
You can feel the pulse change.
All the administration things that might not be good, just lift those things up to the Lord right now.
Whatever comes across your heart.
Shape my nation.
This is our nation.
This belongs to us.
We turn things around.
We're going to turn things around.
We can turn it around.
We pray for the plan for what we're believing for.
We thank you, Lord, for intercession for what we're believing for.
We thank you, Lord, for the breakthrough.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for where we are in our intercession.
There's a breakthrough coming in the name of Jesus.
We speak to our circumstances in the name of Jesus.
We command them to change now.
In the name of Jesus, we have authority over our circumstances.
We command them to change right now in Jesus' name.
All healing, all deliverance belongs to us in the name of Jesus.
The rain of the Holy Ghost, a fresh outpouring of the spirit.
An awakening unto God.
The rain, a new outpour, a fresh touch of revival upon this nation, upon the world.
A great, mighty harvest of souls.
We call them forth, the mighty harvest of souls.
Father, we call for them with an outpouring of your spirit, oh God.
We thank you for fresh manifestations of the glory on this nation, upon this world.
We call them forth, Father, for your mighty hand to move greatly in these last days, oh God.
We're calling forth the mighty harvest of souls, Lord.
Father, we bring them forth in the name of Jesus.
Those that are lost, oh Lord, we praise you.
We call forth the souls in the name of Jesus.
Call forth the ones that are lost, Father.
Heaven to earth, oh God, we thank you.
Rain down a fresh fire, a fresh rain of your spirit on us, oh God.
I thank you for a new revelation, Ephesians 1:18, that the eyes of understanding would be enlightened, that we may know the hope.
Father, I thank you that you desire that not one should perish.
In the name of the Lord, it was important in the Word of God when Jethro said to Moses, 'You need some help here,' and he chose men to help him.
We prayed earlier today about the judiciary, and now we're going to pray about the cabinet.
He fills the seat.
This is in line with what we've been saying about the power in us from Ephesians 1.
It says he's put all things under his feet.
He's appointed him the head of the church, which is his body, the fullness of him who fills all in all.
For in that body lives the full measure of him who makes everything complete and who fills everything, or who fills every seat with himself.
I see the seat right now.
He fills every seat with himself in this body.
In this body dwells the fullness of him who fills every seat.
He makes everything complete and he fills everything, or fills every seat with himself.
I see him, whether from within or from upon, the Lord himself goes and takes every seat.
Every seat around that table he sits in.
That seat behind the desk over in the Oval Office, he himself fills every seat and he'll put the right person he can use to sit in that seat.
We receive it by faith.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
In Jesus' name, fill every seat, Father.
See that in your heart.
He fills every seat.
See the seats around the cabinet table.
He fills every seat with himself.
He pours contempt on princes and he loosens the belt of the strong, disabling them and bringing them to the pride of their own learning.
He uncovers deep things out of darkness and brings into light black gloom and the shadow of death.
He makes nations great and he can destroy them.
He enlarges nations and then he straitens them and leads them away.
He takes away understanding from the leaders of the people of the land of the earth and causes them to wander in the wilderness where there is no path.
They grope in the dark without light, and he makes them stagger and wander like drunken men.
Job chapter 12, verses 15 through 25.
This is the one that we used for the last session.
By the decree of the watchers.
There are watchers.
Here's what Brother Halverson tells us about that verse.
There are heavenly watchers and then there are watchers.
We're watchers, and what we're doing right now is watching in the spirit at the instruction of the Holy Spirit.
I want us all to stand up.
Daniel repented for his nation, and there's something we have to repent about.
Then Brother Bishop is going to come and speak to those seats and get the order right here.
If you can with your heart, join and say it after I say it.
Heavenly Father, we come to you through Jesus.
We repent, Lord, for the sins of our nation regarding Israel.
We repent for a devious plan to give away the promised land when you said it should not be divided.
We repent for a roadmap to divide Jerusalem.
We are not in agreement with this.
Lord, forgive us.
Lord, forgive our leaders.
Perhaps they don't know the written word, but we ask you, God, do not hold our nation in divine judgment over this gross sin.
God, have mercy on us.
We ask for mercy, Father.
Now we sit in the council and give godly counsel concerning this matter.
I know that there are many issues.
We pray for Joe Biden.
There's only one issue in the Word of God.
We thank you, Lord, that you help this nation.
God, bring people across the path that do not touch Israel, do not divide Jerusalem.
We ask for mercy, Father.
Give him godly counsel or a dream in the middle of the night.
Show him, 'Do not do this.
' We pray for the new Secretary of State, that he would have right policies towards Israel.
May this Secretary of State know inside and may his mind be renewed, that those that bless her are blessed and those that curse her are cursed.
Therefore shall he advise the president rightly according to the word.
'Do not do this,' we pray.
He will advise the president rightly.
Change the heart.
Do not divide Jerusalem.
Show me your plans.
May that Secretary of Defense be one that all can look up to.
Yes, Father, we thank you for godly leaders in this economy.
I thank you they have an awakening unto God, a Jesus moment, a fear of the Lord in the name of Jesus.
For such a time as this.
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, we pray, Father, as we reach out through this nation, advise the president to help those who have needs.
Thank you for the manifestation of the blessing in their lives.
The president shall be advised in such a way that your plan and your ways are followed.
Secretary of Health and Human Services, Father, we pray for our hospital systems in Jesus' name.
For those who are over Veterans Affairs, for our veterans, Father, we pray mercy over there.
We take authority over the spirits of suicide, giving up on life, we bind it in Jesus' name off their minds.
We break that off of them, Father.
We thank you, Lord, there's peace.
We speak to PTSD in the name of Jesus.
We command it to bow its knee.
We command PTSD to leave now in Jesus' name.
May the advice they give the president be sound and strong.
We pray that you would stand up against Satan's forces as he tries to come against America and the church in Jesus' name.
Secure southern borders, secure northern borders.
Thank you, Jesus.
It came up in one of our prayer meetings: 'One thing have I asked of the Lord, that will I seek and require: that I may dwell in the house of the Lord.
' We declare the House of Representatives to be the house of the Lord in the name of Jesus.
In the name of Jesus, we declare and we decree of the Lord, and we have authority to declare that, not just because we are believers, but because this nation was given to the church.
This nation belongs to the church.
Wake up!
This nation was given into the hands of the church.
When they said 'church,' that's our house, and we declare that house to be the house of the Lord in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you.
I just want to say thank you all for joining me today.
I believe we did...
I felt a real shifting.
I started interceding—I could hear Canada, and I was interceding for Canada today.
I don't know what that was all about, but there's something very significant.
When I was praying, I could feel a push for Canada, and I kept seeing in the spirit Canada.
So I was praying for either the Prime Minister up there, Justin Trudeau, I think, is his name.
But Father, I'm just agreeing right now that Canada's borders are safe.
I thank you, Father, that the southern borders are safe.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that people would rise up and wake up and stop the evil that's going on.
Right now, I thank you, Father, for bringing godly people into leadership.
I thank you, Father, that there's an awakening unto God in this nation, that the pastors would preach what they're supposed to preach behind the pulpits, bringing forth a repentance and holiness gospel instead of compromise.
Father, instead of a lukewarm gospel, they would preach a fire gospel.
Father, we're running out of time; Jesus is coming.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that there is an urgency in the body of Christ to do this.
We call an urgency in right now in the name of Jesus.
We call that urgency in, Father, that the pastors would wake up and preach, 'Jesus is coming.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would start teaching the church on the blood and the power of the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's revelation knowledge that flows in these people—the pastors, the evangelists, the prophets, and the people of the land who are in leadership.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for revelation of your Spirit on them, that they would not have a fear and a shrinking back, but a boldness to go and take the land.
I thank you, Father, for that kind of leadership; they are going after the giants and taking the head off, like David did.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Father, for revelation in your Word.
I thank you, Father, for the move of the Spirit that we praise you, God, for in advance.
Father, for all that you did today and everything that you did in this prayer session, Father, as a family, we agree that we are freedom in the name of Jesus.
Freedom, Father, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And we thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus, for this time of prayer, and we give you all the glory and honor and praise for it.
In the name of Jesus, Father, I thank you for these people.
We bless them.
So family, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
Thank you for being a part of our YouTube channel.
We are so excited you came today.
We thank you.
If you're still praying with me, I hope this did something.
If you like it, comment down below; tell us what you think about this one.
It wasn't as fluid as what I would have hoped it would be, but I hadn't watched it all the way through.
I created it—I should have—but I did this to pray with y'all.
So I'm going to make another one and I just want to say thank you again.
Like I said, you all be blessed and have a great day.
Bye-bye.